[New] `jsx-boolean-value`: add `assumeUndefinedIsFalse` option (#3675)
jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react: docs/rules/jsx-boolean-value.md

This rule takes two arguments. If the first argument is `"always"` then it warns whenever an attribute is missing its value. If `"never"` then it warns if an attribute has a `true` value. The default value of this option is `"never"`.

> The second argument is optional. if provided, it must be an object. Three property is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second argument is optional. if provided, it must be an object. These properties are supported:
```

First, the `"never"` and `"always"` properties are one set. The two properties cannot be set together. `"never"` must be used when the first argument is `"always"` and `"always"`  must be used when the first argument is `"never"`. This property’s value must be an array of strings representing prop names.

> The other is `"assumeUndefinedIsFalse"`. The default value of this option is false. if the first argument is  `"never"`  or the property of the second argument contains  `"never"` , the corresponding property cannot have false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the first argument is `"never"`, a boolean `"assumeUndefinedIsFalse"` may be provided, which defaults to `false`. When `true`, an absent boolean prop will be treated as if it were explicitly set to `false`.
```
